---
layout: default
title: 2011 1st March
---

		Mike Hadlow, the usual note taker, was ill for this meeting. These notes were compiled by Keith Bloom, please add and edit as necessary.<br><br>
Thanks to Gareth for bringing some welsh cakes to celebrate St David's day.<br><br><h2 class="separator">Questions<a class="headeranchor" id="Questions_0" href="#Questions_0" title="Link to this Section">¶</a></h2>In the order they were asked, with some brief notes for some.<br><br><b>Entity Framework - Does code first development work?<br></b>
Redgate source control db<br>
Everyone would like to know how best to use an ORM<br><br><br><b>What strategies do you use to avoid God objects in your domain?<br></b>
Use a builder based on an interface to create those complex objects for you<br><br><b>Any experience with FubuMVC?<br></b><br><br><b>Anyone using Specflow or WaitN for testing?<br></b>
Web application testing<br>
Specflow is like cucumber in Ruby. It is a based on a DSL, called Gherkin, which compiles down to NUnit<br>
Techpub has a free screencast on how they do functional testing<br>
Fizzler is a DOM implementation in C#<br><br><br><b>ORM and Stored Procedure, any experiences?</b><br><br><b>Test data access any best practices?</b><br><br><b>Anyone used NServiceBus? Problems or considerations or potential issues</b>
MSDTC is a heavy weight process, try to avoid this in your Bus. MSMQ is not up to the job for big Enterprise.
What will be coming on AppFabric?<br><br><b>What patterns do people use for wizard-style navigation?<br></b>
Do not use Windows Workflow<br>
Decision trees
Navigator class\Supervising Controller to represent the path the request will go through<br><br><b>LINQ</b>

	